feat(defaults): repeat macro for each line of visual selection (#22048)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• API calls now show more information about where an exception happened.

> • 'Q' and '@' now repeat a macro for each line of visual selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• "Q" and "@" now repeat a macro for each line of visual selection.
```
